bug fixes and improvements

1. after reboot our koralaucher is asking set default but it was already set as default launcher
2 when new app installed the app drawer is not updating the app making the user freshtrated
3  when open the app drawer for searching and once the app opened and 
    when i try to close the keyboard is some what overlayign  and came back  and it is hiding the search bar
4. when the flag app need to set the custom time limit for the user like how much 
    time want to use the app and then after that our rising tide system take over and initialize 

5 many users are requsting the walpaper seting optionn because they need it so need to implement that 
6 tell me what database we are using to store the user daily usage data 
7 in the early morning when the user wake up show the intention screen and ask to user to enter their goal 
    and refator the word intention to goal 
8 and i want to implement the todo list app and desin the idea of it . 
9 user needs time and date on the home screen 
10 and i want to implement the notification system and desin the idea of it . 
    and remaind the user about their goal and todo list  3 times a day 
11 when i instaled the app freshly it is taking too  long to loading and we need to fix it 
    because user don't have a patience to wait . if we are runing anybacround services then 
    we need to find the way to implemet and the app need to open the laucher like a very fast and in a instant
12 when i set the koralaucher as a default laucher it is taking time to load . find the way to fix it 
13 and the color of the rising tide wave system when i turned on it is not looking good 
    both in the app drawer and rising tide poll system and also in the rising tide page add option to 
    user can easily search the app and mark it .
14 implemet the default social media apps as a distraction give them max of 15 minites time 
    and by default set the these social media app timing but but for whatsapp set it 1 hour 
15 and rememer we never force . kora is not a jail . it is a program that make the user make the congnitive dicition
    and force will never work. so we make the user the choise but we make it easily and engagment 
    if not our app will not survive in the market.
16 and also add setting option to change the default laucher of the system that will open the screen you 
    design the where to put it.  
17 weired bug user reported: when some one call user and answer the call and in the notification if 
    the user touch it, it directly open the app. eventhoug user screen is locked 
18 make our app instat fast feeling that user can't feel it is slow 
